README.md, before:

My Blog Space
-------------

博客空间，
1. 查看日常短文请点击 [issues] (https://github.com/Terry-Shi/blog/issues)
2. 以下为长文

#### Docker
  - [Docker Swarm](docker/Docker_Swarm.md)

#### Java
  - [Java 8 ParallelStream](java/Java8-ParallelStream.md)

#### Go
  - [Go 并发编程](go/go_concurrent_programming.md)
  - TODO: 错误处理与测试
  - TODO: 结构（struct）与方法（method）
  - TODO: 接口（interface）与反射（reflection）
  
  
#### Machine Learning
  - [贝叶斯原理的解释和应用](machinelearning/NaiveBayesian.md)

#### Database
  - [H2 嵌入式数据库最佳的选择](database/H2.md)
  - [图数据库Neo4j](database/Neo4j.md)

#### Music
  - [音乐](music/Music.md)

#### BigData
  - [Spark](bigdata/Spark.md)

#### Spring framework
  - [Spring MVC Data Binding](spring/Spring-MVC-handle-static-file.md)
  - [Spring how to handle Static file](spring/Spring-MVC-data-binding.md)
  - [Spring boot](spring/Spring-Boot.md)

#### Misc
  - [Design RESTful interface](java/Design-RESTful-interface.md)

Commit message:

add ssh_key_passphrase.md at README.md

README.md, after:

My Blog Space
-------------

博客空间，
1. 查看日常短文请点击 [issues] (https://github.com/Terry-Shi/blog/issues)
2. 以下为长文

#### Docker
  - [Docker Swarm](docker/Docker_Swarm.md)

#### Java
  - [Java 8 ParallelStream](java/Java8-ParallelStream.md)

#### Go
  - [Go 并发编程](go/go_concurrent_programming.md)
  - TODO: 错误处理与测试
  - TODO: 结构（struct）与方法（method）
  - TODO: 接口（interface）与反射（reflection）
  
#### Linux
  - [ssh key passphrase works in windows but not in linux](linux/ssh_key_passphrase.md)
  
#### Machine Learning
  - [贝叶斯原理的解释和应用](machinelearning/NaiveBayesian.md)

#### Database
  - [H2 嵌入式数据库最佳的选择](database/H2.md)
  - [图数据库Neo4j](database/Neo4j.md)

#### Music
  - [音乐](music/Music.md)

#### BigData
  - [Spark](bigdata/Spark.md)

#### Spring framework
  - [Spring MVC Data Binding](spring/Spring-MVC-handle-static-file.md)
  - [Spring how to handle Static file](spring/Spring-MVC-data-binding.md)
  - [Spring boot](spring/Spring-Boot.md)

#### Misc
  - [Design RESTful interface](java/Design-RESTful-interface.md)
